== Introduction

This script is to be used to post comment updates to ZenDesk tickets as part of your post-commit hook in subversion. It's written in PHP and requires the SimpleXML package along with cURL to be enabled for PHP.

== Where do I install it?

The script itself can live anywhere, but it will work if you simply put it in the `/path/to/repository/hooks/` folder (e.g. `/home/subversion/MyRepository/hooks/zendesk-svn/`). Your post-commit hook needs to be made executable (`chmod +x post-commit`) or your subversion client will complain that the post-commit hook failed.

  ./MyRepository
    - hooks/
        - post-commit
        - zendesk-php/
            - zendesk-svn.php

== Configuring the script

You will need to rename/copy config.inc.php.dist to config.inc.php and update the settings within before using this script.

== Testing the script

You can run the script from the command line to test a particular commit against the parsing logic (and to ensure that it is integrating properly with ZenDesk).

  /usr/local/bin/php /path/to/zendesk-php/zendesk-svn.php 1234

Where '1234' is the particular revision you want the script to parse.

== Known Requirements

* PHP 5.3.x or higher
* libxml2 (for XML parsing)
* cURL (with SSL support)
* OpenSSL (for cURL)

== The Basics

With the post-commit hook properly installed and the script configured, you should be able to use the key words "ticket", "fixed", "fixes", "addresses", "addressed" in your commit message followed by a "#{ticket_id_number}" to update the status of tickets in ZenDesk.

These would work:

   Ticket #2340 is fixed with this change.
   Updated the header to include the new logo. Addresses #1258.
   Fixed #3456 by re-factoring the navigation panel.
   Corrected spelling on home page. Addresses #1258 and addresses #1259  <-- this would post to both tickets
   Corrected spelling on home page. Addresses #1258 and #1258 <-- this only posts to the first one (missing keyword)

These would not work at all:

   Fixes for #1254 by resetting the password. <-- keyword must be immediately before the # sign
   Addressed # 1255 with new layout. <-- the space causes the ticket ID to not be recognized

== Note about users

This script assumes that your usernames in Subversion neatly correspond to your e-mail addresses in ZenDesk (jdoe in subversion is jdoe@example.com in ZenDesk). If they don't, the updates will not be properly attached to your "Agent" account, and might be outright rejected.